Quarkus and Spring Data REST (#12)
quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-plans: QUARKUS-714.md

# Quakrus-714 - Tech preview of compatibility layer for Spring Data REST
Test plan covers the integration of the Spring Data REST extension with Quarkus, which is used to expose hypermedia-driven REST web services.  
[This](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-rest-intro) is a general overview of the Spring Data REST

JIRA link: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/QUARKUS-714

## Scope of the testing
Test development will focus on the supported features of the **quarkus-spring-data-rest** extension.  
Currently supported Spring Data repositories:
 - CrudRepository
 - PagingAndSortingRepository
 - JpaRepository

 Currently supported annotation properties:
  - exposed, path, collectionResourceRel

> Different aspects regarding extension usage can be found [here](https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials/tree/master/spring-data-rest), those will be processed and further interpreted for Quarkus where possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details about different aspects regarding Spring Data REST usage can be found in https://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-rest-intro and https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials/tree/master/spring-data-rest.
These resources will be processed and further interpreted for Quarkus based usage where possible. Switch to Quarkus is expected to be smooth.
```
